[Autogenerated] letters First, fix this bomb.
Since we just created this project, there is nothing in it.
So we are going to copy paste elements from it.
I think I'm going to copy Paste.
All this than this project is a look service.
Fine.
Now we need to update this project as we did previously.
Maybe an update project to fix the version of Java from the
default versions of a five to the current version.
And over eight, that is check.
We have I were interface here and here.
The implementation Creating a dependency from Aero Service
employees to a row Service is really easy.
In fact,
all I need to do is other dependency from this bomb fighter to the other.
The group I d is order that Hamada the artifact i d is a low
dash service on diversion of is zero that one.
If I do that, I can see that the competition problem is sold.
And if I open the maven dependency node,
I can see that the eclipse pra Ginna automatically
created these dependency from me.
This dependency has been created because the right version off the
artifact this aero service depends on er has been found opened in
the current workspace of Eclipse.
See, for instance,
I change a the version of this bomb to the zero dot to for Shana.
Then I now have a corruption in this project.
If I check the problems here,
I can see that the artifact ello service job zero that wanna is missing.
So this project cannot be compiled.
Let us set it at zero.
That Warner, we can do something more letters, For instance.
Package of these Aero Service Project Creator.
A run configuration.
Maybourne.
We're going to call it a low.
So it's the base directory is the Yellow Service project.
And the goal is just installed at us a plier.
And run this goal.
We can check here how this goal has been executed and the
insult phaser has been properly executed.
The ello,
their service zero Wanda job has been installed in the local repository.
So now if I, for instance, closed this project,
my aero Service imp project will compiler correctly.
Who is the dependency declared as a dependency toward the ello Dar service.
Darcy Rondo.
Joe, that is present in the repository.
If I reopen er the project now,
the dependency is again on the Aero service project.
Now, if I change the version off this ello service project,
for instance,
zero to now this aero service in project will reconfigure itself
automatically to point to the right dependency that is, in my maven repository and not on this project in eclipse.